In this section we'll be looking at HCM of 5 and CSSA 3 although all the TNL that we've looked at in
this course is HVM L5 compatible.
There are a number of specific HCM L5 and see it has three features that are worth looking at in detail
in themselves.
Tim L5 in particular brought a new level of interactivity and power to the browser.
And in this section I'm going to show you how to take advantage of that.
We'll be looking at some of the ways you can use HD L5 to make your forms more powerful and user friendly.
We'll see how we can integrate video and audio very easily into our websites with each team of five.
We'll look at the new canvas tag which allows you to essentially draw onto the screen very easily and
we'll finish with a quick run through of some of the other best features of HVM L5 when you're working
with Tim L5 and these new advanced features.
It's worth being aware of which browsers can support the features that you're using.
So I'd recommend using a Web site called Can I use dot com which has a list of all of the latest features
within HVM L5 and CSSA 3 and shows the browser support for them.
So if we're going to use the canvas tag for example then we should be aware that we're pretty safe with
the latest versions of most of the browsers.
Opera Mini is going to be our only major problem and I might as well.
Going to be an issue.
So 1 percent of users might struggle but that's probably worth it for the extra features that canvas
can bring.
So I hope you're excited about the potential for HDMI L5 to enhance your sites and make them look great
and be more powerful and interactive for your users.
We're going to start by looking at how HCM L5 can enhance forms in the next video.